Welcome, Mr. Mohamed. Thank you for coming. And thank you for meeting me today. I understand that you are the student union president or representative. And here I'm presenting the administration of university. Welcome. Thank you, Mr. Taha. Thank you for meeting us. You are aware of the situation on the campus has reached a kind of a critical point. This time around, we are not here for a round of empty promises. We've had several meetings with you, and it has been about empty promises and half measures. We, the student body, we have been patient for too long. And I think we cannot take it anymore. We are deeply frustrated by the lack of action on your part. You see the issues about the rising tuition fees and inadequate housing, and the unjust arrest of our peers. And with a kind of frustration from the security forces that are treating our students anyhow. I'm aware that the situation has been escalating. And I'm sure that all those meetings make you guys very frustrated of repeating all the meetings with no outcomes. It can happen also to us. So we saw that there are some students have been arrested. Additional to the concern that you have, none of the concerns have been discussed in reality. It has been always an interference from the police, as you commented. And there has been some arrests that we know it's a very sensitive topic, all of that, your colleagues, your friends. So we'd like to have this discussion with you to address those concerns and really to see how we can help each other and reach a solution. While we really ensure you that we hear you guys, and we understand that it is difficult, but we want to hear from your side to keep us informed and to go forward from there. The issue is we cannot afford any more delays. We believe in everyone's best interest to resolve this issue swiftly. But that will require immediate action from the administration, which we see no action from the administration. The violent action of your security forces are beyond unacceptable. It is really, really, really unacceptable from our side. We need the result now, not tomorrow or next week. We need it now. We need the result to be done now. And let me be clear, also. Let me be clear. These demands are not open for debate. The student body is unified in its call for immediate freeze of tuition hike, substantial improvement in student housing, and the release of the arrested student. The student needs to be released with immediate effect. As you know, our role is to ensure the security and safety of the students. Of course, the excessive use of force or the arrest should not be the only result. It should not be the way to ensure that. But we acknowledge that this has not been reached. Hence, the security forces or the police, per se, was involved. This is nothing that we really would like to desire. The issue with the housing tuition, we know that this has been an issue, a recurrent issue, and no solution has been reached. Maybe now we can actually work on that. Instead of giving you promises, we work together and set up steps to follow and to reach those while making sure the students are safe. And actually, we reach a point that they all are freed. Don't you agree with me on that? Thank you. But what I want you to understand is that these issues of the unrest, the failure to address them, will only lead to further escalation, which myself and yourself don't want that escalation to happen. The longer the crisis goes unresolved, the more damage it does to the university. And if the crisis is not resolved, the reputation of Edward University is at stake. Because we have seen a lot of growing tension from media outlets already. And every day that passes without action point, Edward University has a place that ignores students. This is what the media will always say. I love this university, you love this university, and we want the best for this university. More importantly, the safety of the campus is at risk, and this needs to be resolved. 100%. 100%. This campus is for the students first. And our role, our job is to maintain this role and make sure that this is the space for the students. And instead of giving all these promises, which is really frustrating and frustrates you guys, and it is frustrating us as well with the damage to the university, it's not only affecting the administration, but also the students who are representing this university. So let's work together and set up a work frame, a committee, you with us, and to set up the work and to reach to a common understanding and a task force, it can be a committee, it can be a joint work. So I would like you to tell me, what do you suggest? How do you see that the way to work together to reach these goals, maintaining the safety and security of this university, which is mandatory, which is very important, while preserving the image of the university and the public image of the students of this university. It's not only the university, but if this university image was damaged, it affects the students that graduate from the university as well. At the same time, reaching these main issues that were the basics for this whole issue that we are facing, the tuition, the housing, and etc. So I would like to hear from you as a representative of these students, how do you see the steps forward? How can we work together? Instead of us giving empty promises, which wasn't the intention, but let's work together and reach the outcome results. You just mentioned about frustration now, but this frustration is the direct result of your inaction. Every day you wait is another day students are forced to live in unsafe housing and are drawn into tuition debt. They are going into debt every day, credit, with issues with their credit card, all the time, because of this inaction from you. I want to be clear also, let me let you know, we don't need another task force. We don't need another task force committee to rebuild trust. We need real immediate changes. The time for collaboration was long ago. Now is the time for action and not for task force. What are the solutions you suggest, Mr. Mohamed? Yeah, we are prepared to de-escalate the occupation of the administration building if the university agrees to freeze the tuition increase immediately and commit to the housing improvement plan. A joint task force to investigate campus security violence could also help rebuild this trust. If we see movement of this point, we can bring the occupation to a peaceful close and shift the focus to dialogue. We are willing to go through the request that you gave and we are willing to make sure these students are released and we will sit together and see it through with the tuition freezing, which should not be a major issue. The housing, although it is something that takes time to work on and you need to be working on them, patient for us to go through it. If you need the commitment from our side that these things will be solved, you have the commitment and let's work it together. We start with the de-escalation, freeing the students so everybody feels safe and not threatened and from there we go forward. Yeah, I'm always telling you, let me be clear, let me be clear again. If we leave this room without a solution, tension on campus will continue to rise. More students will join the protests and external groups could take over the movement. I don't want that and I don't think you either want that. We have an opportunity right now to prevent that but we need this concrete step and yes, you have agreed that you are going to freeze the tuition. That's fine. Then we could now set up the committee to prevent the violence in the campus and I think we could move forward from that point. We are ready to work with you on the timeline. As you said, Mr. Muhammad, if you want to go out from the solution with this, we need to work together and the solution is in your hands and the hands of your students. Yeah, I think it's fine. Let us start with the dialogue. Let's start a dialogue on the long-term issues like security reform. We can establish the task force to ensure transparency and accountability in the process immediately. This is one commitment from my side. If you have that commitment, I think the issue is almost solved. I think it's important that we keep the lines of our communication also very open and forward. I agree and you as a representative of the students, we will respect your representation and we will take you as the representative of students and the voice of those students and here we will start working together. Thank you very much. Thank you so much, Mr. Attar. Thank you for listening to us and thank you for taking the students seriously. Thank you very much.
